Release Notes for LM Flash Programmer
Version 2.0 - Initial Release of LM Flash Programmer.
Version 2.5 - Added command line support.
            - Fixed bug that prevented programming over serial port with some
              of the new evaluation boards.
Version 3.0 - Added ability to program over Ethernet using the Stellaris bootloader.
            - Added a User Register programming utility.
            - Divided utilities into two tabs: Flash Utilities and Other Utilities.
Version 3.1 - Fixed a problem that occurs on some Windows Vista machines where the
              application crashes while starting up.
Version 3.2 - Added the LM3S3748 evaluation board to the Quickset
              pull-down menu.
            - Added the new crystal values supported in DustDevil to the Crystal
              pull-down menu.
            - Added support to debug port unlock for DustDevil and added prompts
              for user to assert reset during the debug unlock procedure for Fury
              and DustDevil.
            - Fixed a problem that kept the debug port unlock utility from working
              with the new '811 eval boards.
            - Fixed a problem where the tab contents disappeared when the ESC key
              was hit.
Version 3.3 - Fixed bug that prevented uploading from working when using the
              command line portion of the tool.
            - Fixed bug that prevented programming larger binaries over the serial
              port using the bootloader.
            - Integrated new release of the debug library for faster operation.
Version 3.4 - Fixed bug in the new debug library introduced in version 3.3 that
              prevented programming of sandstorm class devices.
            - Added proper return codes to command line portion of the tool.  0 is
              returned on success, and 1 is returned on failure.
Version 3.5 - Added Ethernet programming "magic packet" transmission to allow
              automated update without the need for user intervention at the
              target end (when apps are suitably coded to listen for the magic
              packet and transfer control to the boot loader when it arrives).
Build 654   - Removed tracking based on version number.  It is now tracked strictly
              based on build number.
            - Increased the number of COM ports in drop down menu from 25 to 100.
            - Added the ability to reset the target after a program operation using
              the serial interface.
            - Fixed a problem that was caused by setting up the device to run from
              the main oscillator but not allowing time for the main oscillator to
              power up and settle.  This could cause problems if the main oscillator
              was not already being used in the application running on the board.
            - Fixed bug that prevented the GUI from starting on some Vista machines.
            - Added a transfer size option when using the serial program interface.
Build 718   - Added support for USB Device Firmware Upgrade programming.
            - Grey out address boxes when the "Entire Flash" options are
              checked in the Flash Utilities tab.
            - Added baud rates of 230400 and 460800 to the drop-down menu when using
              the Serial(UART) Interface.
            - Added support to remember all settings based the interface selected.
            - Fixed a problem for Dustdevil devices (EK-LM3S3748 board) that was
              caused by setting up the device to run from the main oscillator but
              not allowing enough time for the main oscillator to power up and
              settle.  This problem is seen if the main oscillator was not being
              used in the application running on the board.
            - Fixed a problem that was seen when the software running on the device
              configured the system clock based on the settings in RCC2.  Previous
              versions of LMFlash only configured RCC.  Therefore the system clock
              was not configured as expected by LMFlash.  The symptom was that the
              programming operation would stall at 0%.
            - Added a programming timeout so that it will not stall in the
              programming loop if there is a problem.
Build 749    - Fixed a problem with the UART interface seen when programming
              large files.  The communication port read timeout parameters
              are now modified based on the file size to program.  Larger
              images require more flash pages to be erased and therefore need
              a longer timeout period when waiting for the acknowledge from the
              device after the erase completes.
Build 757   - Bug fix for programming issues under certain conditions.
Build 761   - Fixed a bug introduced by build 757 when programming sandstorm parts
              (for example - EK-LM3S811).  Due to an update to the debug library,
              the JTAG frequency must be reduced to <600K for sandstorm devices.
              In the end, the programming of sandstorm devices is faster than in
              previous releases even though the JTAG frequency has been reduced.
Build 771   - Added STDOUT FIFO flushing when running LMFlash via the command line.
              This was needed to improve the update rate of status information when
              LMFlash is called from a script (in some cases).
            - Added Tempest boards to Quick Set pull-down menu.
Build 776   - Added Tempest to the Debug Port Unlock utility.
Build 778   - Fixed a programming timeout issue on sandstorm devices in some cases.
Build 814   - Added workaround for Tempest Rev B debug port unlock errata.
            - Changed all branding to Texas Instruments instead of Luminary Micro.
Build 825   - Added warning about user registers to tempest debug unlock.
            - Added tempest debug unlock support to the command line.
Build 923   - Added support for the code_red Red Probe interface.
            - Added support for SWD to both the Red Probe and ICDI interfaces.
Build 1135  - Fixed page erase bug for devices with memory sizes greater than
              256K.
            - Updated to support Tempest Rev C3 / Firestorm A1
Build 1140  - Updated USB DFU support following changes in the lmdfu.dll library.
Build 1154  - Fix bug introduced 1135 that affects access to RDK-IDM-L35.

Build 1159  - Add code to reset PB7 to TRSTn mode (for devices that support the
              TRSTn signal).
            - Modify the device intialization/reset code based on the connected
              device class/revision.

Build 1184    - Changed default serial packet size from 76 to 60.

Build 1213  - Additional modifications to init/reset code for new
              class/revisions of silicon.

Build 1218  - Update init/reset code for new class/revisions of silicon.

Build 1292  - Update for new class/revisions of silicon.

Build 1299  - Update for Stellaris ICDI on DK-LM3S9BN6.

Build 1340  - Updated support for new Blizzard Class Silicon
            - Updated support for Tempest C5 / Firestorm A2 Silicon
            - Updated support for new Firestorm kits
            - Updated support for new Blizzard kit

Build 1347  - Additional update for new silicon.
            - Corrected an error in a workaround for a Blizzard flash erratum.

Build 1355  - Fixed bug in processing of the Debug Unlock command.
            - Power down DAP on target device when connection is terminated.
            - Additional corrections implemented for Blizzard flash erratum.
            - Add support to update Stellaris ICDI firmware to latest version.

Build 1361  - Updates to help file
            - Minor update for Blizzard flash erratum (device recognition)

Build 1368  - Corrected a resource freeing error which caused LMFlash not to be
              able to recover from a failed program operation without being
              closed and restarted.

Build 1381  - Fix bug in command line erase/program operation to restore the
              "erase necessary pages" operation.
            - Clean up information text on Flash/Other Utilities tabs when
              these tabs are not valid based on interface selected.
            - Update to ICDI firmware:  Virtual COM port baud rate/line
              settings configuration are now used to configure the UART0
              settings for the connection between the ICDI and Target device.
